data/documents/things to correct.md, before:

# ZORA Marketplace - Technical Implementation Requirements

## Executive Summary

The client requirements primarily target the **web application** (`apps/web`) which serves as the central platform for all user types (customers, admins, and vendors). The mobile app will maintain its existing dark theme design system, while web applications will transition to a light theme.

---

---

## 1. Web Application (`apps/web`) - Primary Focus

### 1.1 UI/UX Theme Updates ✅
- **Background**: Update to pure white (`#FFFFFF`) for light theme ✅
- **Text Colors**: Implement Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) and Zora Red (`#CC0000`) for primary elements ✅
- **Design System Alignment**:
  - Primary: `#CC0000` (Zora Red) - buttons, CTAs, active states ✅
  - Secondary: `#FFCC00` (Zora Yellow) - prices, accents, highlights ✅
  - Background Light: `#F8F7F5` - web applications ✅
  - Text Primary: `#221710` - dark text on light backgrounds ✅
- **Implementation**: Update Tailwind CSS configuration and design tokens in `packages/design-tokens/` ✅

### 1.2 Landing Page Structure (Reference: https://www.oyashop.app/) ✅
- **Approach**: Recreate similar landing page structure without hero and header sections
- **Reference Features to Adapt**:
  - "Shop Local, Save More" value proposition section ✅
  - "Why Customers Love Zora" features grid (Direct Vendor Access, Better Prices, Secure & Private) ✅
  - "How Zora Works" 3-step process (Sign Up → Browse & Shop → Enjoy & Review) ✅
  - "Experience Zora Mobile App" promotion section ✅
  - Customer testimonials and trust indicators ✅
- **Design System Adaptation**:
  - Apply ZORA color scheme (Zora Red `#CC0000`, Zora Yellow `#FFCC00`) ✅
  - Use Montserrat typography for headings, Poppins for body text ✅
  - Maintain light theme with `#F8F7F5` backgrounds ✅
  - Implement card-based layout with 12px border radius ✅
- **Components to Create**:
  - `ValueProposition` - Main value proposition section ✅
  - `FeaturesGrid` - Feature highlights grid ✅
  - `HowItWorks` - 3-step process visualization ✅
  - `MobileAppPromo` - App download promotion ✅
  - `Testimonials` - Customer reviews section ✅

### 1.3 Product Showcase Carousel ✅
- **Feature**: Implement auto-scrolling product carousel on landing page ✅
- **Technical Requirements**:
  - Fetch products from API using `@zora/api-client` ✅
  - Implement smooth infinite scroll animation using Framer Motion (300ms timing, easeOut easing) ✅
  - Display product images, names, and prices in GBP (£) ✅
  - Click-to-navigate to product details ✅
  - Use Zora Design System card styling (12px radius, subtle shadows) ✅
- **Components**: Create `ProductCarousel` component in `apps/web/components/` ✅

### 1.4 Delivery Partners Integration ⚠️ (Partially Implemented - Landing Page Mockup)
- **Task**: Display delivery company logos and information
- **Implementation**:
  - Add delivery partners section to footer and checkout flow ⚠️
  - Store delivery partner data in Supabase database ❌
  - Create `DeliveryPartners` component ❌
- **Database Schema**: Update `delivery_partners` table with logos, names, and service areas ❌
- **Current Implementation**:
  - ✅ **FeaturesGrid Component**: Includes "UK Wide Delivery" feature with Truck icon
  - ✅ **Footer Component**: Basic footer structure (no delivery partners section yet)
  - ✅ **Design System**: Uses ZORA colors and proper styling
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Dedicated delivery partners section with company logos
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Database table for delivery partner management
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Dynamic delivery partner data integration

### 1.5 Payment Gateway Updates ❌
- **Removal**: Remove Klarna and ClearPay payment integrations ❌
- **Files to Modify**:
  - Payment provider configurations ❌
  - Checkout form components ❌
  - API integration handlers ❌
- **Impact**: Update payment options UI and backend processing logic ❌

### 1.6 Customer Review System ⚠️ (Partially Implemented - Landing Page Only)
- **Feature**: Implement product and service review functionality ⚠️
- **Technical Implementation**:
  - Database schema: `reviews` table with ratings (1-5 stars), comments, user_id, product_id ❌
  - Components: `ReviewCard`, `ReviewForm`, `ReviewList` following design system ⚠️
  - API endpoints: CRUD operations for reviews ❌
  - Display average ratings and review counts ✅
  - Star rating display using Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) for filled stars ✅
- **Design System Compliance**:
  - Star icons: Phosphor Icons (fill weight for filled, duotone for empty) ✅
  - Typography: Poppins for review text, Montserrat for headings ✅
  - Card styling: 12px radius, `#F8F7F5` background ✅
- **Current Implementation**: Mock testimonials component on landing page with static data
- **Missing**: Database integration, user-generated reviews, CRUD operations

### 1.7 Marketing and Promotional Features ✅
- **Free Delivery Promotion**:
  - Display "FREE DELIVERY ALL ACROSS UK" throughout the site ✅
  - Banner background: Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) with dark text (`#221710`) ✅
  - Typography: Montserrat Bold for emphasis ✅
  - Border radius: 12px for banner containers ✅
- **App Download Promotion**:
  - Add "Download the App" CTA across header, footer, product pages, checkout confirmation ✅
  - Button styling: Primary buttons with Zora Red (`#CC0000`) background ✅
  - Icon usage: Phosphor Icons (mobile device icons) ✅
  - Typography: Montserrat Medium for CTA text ✅

---

## 2. Mobile Application (`apps/mobile`) - Limited Changes

### 2.1 Logo Replacement Only
- **Task**: Update logo assets in mobile app
- **Files to Update**: `apps/mobile/assets/`
- **Note**: Mobile app retains existing dark theme design system per current specifications
- **No Changes Required**: Color scheme, backgrounds, or UI themes (maintain `#221710` background)

### 2.2 Guest Checkout Flow
- **Feature**: Enable shopping without account registration on mobile app
- **Implementation**:
  - Modify authentication flow to allow guest sessions (aligns with existing "Browse as Guest" feature)
  - Implement user account creation at checkout completion using Supabase Auth
  - Update cart persistence to support guest users
  - Required fields: email, shipping address, billing address
- **User Flow**: Browse → Add to Cart → Checkout → Create Account → Payment
- **Design System Compliance**:
  - Input styling: 8px radius, subtle borders, proper focus states (dark theme)
  - Button styling: 12px radius, 48px height, Zora Red (`#CC0000`) for primary actions
  - Form validation: Use Zora Red for error states
  - Typography: Poppins for form labels and inputs
  - Maintain dark theme with `#221710` backgrounds and `#FFFFFF` text

### 2.3 Cross-Platform Consistency
- Ensure shared components from `packages/shared/` work correctly
- Update API client to support new web features (reviews, guest checkout)
- Maintain compatibility with existing mobile user experience

---

## 3. Vendor Portal (`apps/vendor`) - Secondary Updates

### 3.1 UI/UX Theme Alignment
- **Background**: Update to light theme to match web application
- **Logo**: Replace with new logo assets
- **Design System**: Apply same light theme tokens as web application
- **Files to Update**: `apps/vendor/app/`

### 3.2 Feature Integration
- **Review Management**: Vendors can view and respond to customer reviews
- **Delivery Partners**: Display available delivery options in vendor dashboard
- **Payment Processing**: Updated to reflect removal of Klarna/ClearPay

---

## 4. Admin Dashboard (`apps/admin`) - Secondary Updates

### 4.1 UI/UX Theme Alignment
- **Background**: Update to light theme to match web application
- **Logo**: Replace with new logo assets
- **Design System**: Apply same light theme tokens as web application
- **Files to Update**: `apps/admin/app/`

### 4.2 Administrative Features
- **Review Management**: Admin can moderate and manage customer reviews
- **Delivery Partner Management**: CRUD operations for delivery partners
- **Payment Gateway Configuration**: Updated admin interface for payment methods
- **Guest Order Management**: View and manage orders from guest users

---

## 5. Cross-Application Components (`packages/`)

### 5.1 Design Tokens Updates (`packages/design-tokens/`)
- **colors.ts**: Add light theme colors for web applications
- **typography.ts**: Ensure Montserrat and Poppins font configurations
- **spacing.ts**: Verify spacing scale (xs: 4px, sm: 8px, md: 12px, base: 16px)
- **shadows.ts**: Add shadow scales for light theme

### 5.2 Shared Components (`packages/shared/`)
```
packages/shared/src/
├── ui/
│   ├── Button.tsx       # Standardized button component
│   ├── Card.tsx         # Card component with design system styling
│   ├── Input.tsx        # Form input component
│   └── Badge.tsx        # Badge/tag components
├── types/
│   ├── review.ts        # Review system types
│   ├── checkout.ts      # Checkout flow types
│   └── delivery.ts      # Delivery partner types
└── utils/
    ├── validation.ts    # Form validation utilities
    └── formatting.ts    # Price/currency formatting

apps/web/components/
├── landing/                  # Landing page components (OyaShop-inspired)
│   ├── ValueProposition.tsx   # Main value proposition section
│   ├── FeaturesGrid.tsx       # Feature highlights grid
│   ├── HowItWorks.tsx         # 3-step process visualization
│   ├── MobileAppPromo.tsx     # App download promotion
│   └── Testimonials.tsx       # Customer reviews section
├── marketing/               # Marketing-specific components
│   ├── ProductCarousel.tsx
│   ├── FreeDeliveryBanner.tsx
│   └── AppDownloadCTA.tsx
├── reviews/                 # Review system components
│   ├── ReviewCard.tsx
│   ├── ReviewForm.tsx
│   └── ReviewList.tsx
└── checkout/                # Checkout flow components
    ├── GuestCheckout.tsx
    └── PaymentMethods.tsx
```

---

## 6. Database Schema Updates (Supabase)

### 6.1 New Tables
```sql
-- Reviews table
CREATE TABLE reviews (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  product_id UUID REFERENCES products(id),
  user_id UUID REFERENCES users(id),
  rating INTEGER CHECK (rating >= 1 AND rating <= 5),
  comment TEXT,
  created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT NOW()
);

-- Delivery partners table
CREATE TABLE delivery_partners (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  logo_url TEXT,
  service_areas TEXT[],
  is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT true
);
```

### 6.2 Existing Table Modifications
- Update `products` table to include average_rating and review_count
- Modify `orders` table to support guest checkout information
- Update payment_methods table to remove Klarna and ClearPay options
- **Supabase Integration**:
  - Use existing database schema from `supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql`
  - Follow established naming conventions (snake_case for table/column names)
  - Implement proper RLS (Row Level Security) policies
  - Add new migrations in `supabase/migrations/` directory

---

## 7. Implementation Priority & Timeline

### 7.1 Priority Order
1. **High Priority**: Web application theme updates and logo replacement
2. **Medium Priority**: Payment gateway removal and guest checkout implementation
3. **Low Priority**: Review system and promotional features
4. **Secondary**: Vendor and admin portal theme alignment

### 7.2 Development Phases
- **Phase 1**: Web application core features (carousel, checkout, payments)
- **Phase 2**: Review system and delivery partners
- **Phase 3**: Vendor and admin portal updates
- **Phase 4**: Mobile app logo update and cross-platform testing

---

## 8. Testing & Deployment

### 8.1 Testing Requirements
- Unit tests for new components
- Integration tests for payment and checkout flows
- Cross-browser compatibility testing for web applications
- Mobile responsiveness verification
- Cross-application functionality testing

### 8.2 Deployment Strategy
- Deploy web application changes first (primary user platform)
- Update vendor and admin portals subsequently
- Mobile app update as minor version (logo change only)
- Monitor performance and user feedback post-deployment

Commit message:

feat: Add comprehensive implementation status document for Zora Marketplace
- Introduced a new document detailing the implementation status across all Zora Marketplace applications, including mobile, web, vendor, and admin.
- Summarized completed features, partially implemented tasks, and identified missing functionalities for each application.
- Provided a clear overview of the current development status, including completion percentages and specific tasks for future development.
- Updated the "things to correct" document to reflect the completed logo replacement across all applications.

data/documents/things to correct.md, after:

# ZORA Marketplace - Technical Implementation Requirements

## Executive Summary

The client requirements primarily target the **web application** (`apps/web`) which serves as a central platform for all user types (customers, admins, and vendors). The mobile app will maintain its existing dark theme design system, while web applications will transition to a light theme.

---

## ✅ **COMPLETED UPDATES**

### 0.1 Logo Replacement ✅
- **Task**: Replace current logo assets across all applications ✅
- **Files Updated**:
  - `apps/web/public/` ✅
  - `apps/admin/app/` ✅
  - `apps/vendor/app/` ✅
  - `apps/mobile/assets/` ✅
  - Shared components in `packages/shared/` ✅
- **Deliverable**: New logo assets in multiple formats (SVG, PNG, ICO) for responsive scaling ✅

---

## 1. Web Application (`apps/web`) - Primary Focus

### 1.1 UI/UX Theme Updates ✅
- **Background**: Update to pure white (`#FFFFFF`) for light theme ✅
- **Text Colors**: Implement Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) and Zora Red (`#CC0000`) for primary elements ✅
- **Design System Alignment**:
  - Primary: `#CC0000` (Zora Red) - buttons, CTAs, active states ✅
  - Secondary: `#FFCC00` (Zora Yellow) - prices, accents, highlights ✅
  - Background Light: `#F8F7F5` - web applications ✅
  - Text Primary: `#221710` - dark text on light backgrounds ✅
- **Implementation**: Update Tailwind CSS configuration and design tokens in `packages/design-tokens/` ✅

### 1.2 Landing Page Structure (Reference: https://www.oyashop.app/) ✅
- **Approach**: Recreate similar landing page structure without hero and header sections
- **Reference Features to Adapt**:
  - "Shop Local, Save More" value proposition section ✅
  - "Why Customers Love Zora" features grid (Direct Vendor Access, Better Prices, Secure & Private) ✅
  - "How Zora Works" 3-step process (Sign Up → Browse & Shop → Enjoy & Review) ✅
  - "Experience Zora Mobile App" promotion section ✅
  - Customer testimonials and trust indicators ✅
- **Design System Adaptation**:
  - Apply ZORA color scheme (Zora Red `#CC0000`, Zora Yellow `#FFCC00`) ✅
  - Use Montserrat typography for headings, Poppins for body text ✅
  - Maintain light theme with `#F8F7F5` backgrounds ✅
  - Implement card-based layout with 12px border radius ✅
- **Components to Create**:
  - `ValueProposition` - Main value proposition section ✅
  - `FeaturesGrid` - Feature highlights grid ✅
  - `HowItWorks` - 3-step process visualization ✅
  - `MobileAppPromo` - App download promotion ✅
  - `Testimonials` - Customer reviews section ✅

### 1.3 Product Showcase Carousel ✅
- **Feature**: Implement auto-scrolling product carousel on landing page ✅
- **Technical Requirements**:
  - Fetch products from API using `@zora/api-client` ✅
  - Implement smooth infinite scroll animation using Framer Motion (300ms timing, easeOut easing) ✅
  - Display product images, names, and prices in GBP (£) ✅
  - Click-to-navigate to product details ✅
  - Use Zora Design System card styling (12px radius, subtle shadows) ✅
- **Components**: Create `ProductCarousel` component in `apps/web/components/` ✅

### 1.4 Delivery Partners Integration ⚠️ (Partially Implemented - Landing Page Mockup)
- **Task**: Display delivery company logos and information
- **Implementation**:
  - Add delivery partners section to footer and checkout flow ⚠️
  - Store delivery partner data in Supabase database ❌
  - Create `DeliveryPartners` component ❌
- **Database Schema**: Update `delivery_partners` table with logos, names, and service areas ❌
- **Current Implementation**:
  - ✅ **FeaturesGrid Component**: Includes "UK Wide Delivery" feature with Truck icon
  - ✅ **Footer Component**: Basic footer structure (no delivery partners section yet)
  - ✅ **Design System**: Uses ZORA colors and proper styling
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Dedicated delivery partners section with company logos
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Database table for delivery partner management
  - ⚠️ **Missing**: Dynamic delivery partner data integration

### 1.5 Payment Gateway Updates ❌
- **Removal**: Remove Klarna and ClearPay payment integrations ❌
- **Files to Modify**:
  - Payment provider configurations ❌
  - Checkout form components ❌
  - API integration handlers ❌
- **Impact**: Update payment options UI and backend processing logic ❌

### 1.6 Customer Review System ⚠️ (Partially Implemented - Landing Page Only)
- **Feature**: Implement product and service review functionality ⚠️
- **Technical Implementation**:
  - Database schema: `reviews` table with ratings (1-5 stars), comments, user_id, product_id ❌
  - Components: `ReviewCard`, `ReviewForm`, `ReviewList` following design system ⚠️
  - API endpoints: CRUD operations for reviews ❌
  - Display average ratings and review counts ✅
  - Star rating display using Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) for filled stars ✅
- **Design System Compliance**:
  - Star icons: Phosphor Icons (fill weight for filled, duotone for empty) ✅
  - Typography: Poppins for review text, Montserrat for headings ✅
  - Card styling: 12px radius, `#F8F7F5` background ✅
- **Current Implementation**: Mock testimonials component on landing page with static data
- **Missing**: Database integration, user-generated reviews, CRUD operations

### 1.7 Marketing and Promotional Features ✅
- **Free Delivery Promotion**:
  - Display "FREE DELIVERY ALL ACROSS UK" throughout the site ✅
  - Banner background: Zora Yellow (`#FFCC00`) with dark text (`#221710`) ✅
  - Typography: Montserrat Bold for emphasis ✅
  - Border radius: 12px for banner containers ✅
- **App Download Promotion**:
  - Add "Download the App" CTA across header, footer, product pages, checkout confirmation ✅
  - Button styling: Primary buttons with Zora Red (`#CC0000`) background ✅
  - Icon usage: Phosphor Icons (mobile device icons) ✅
  - Typography: Montserrat Medium for CTA text ✅

---

## 2. Mobile Application (`apps/mobile`) - Limited Changes

### 2.1 Logo Replacement Only ✅
- **Task**: Update logo assets in mobile app
- **Files to Update**: `apps/mobile/assets/`
- **Note**: Mobile app retains existing dark theme design system per current specifications
- **No Changes Required**: Color scheme, backgrounds, or UI themes (maintain `#221710` background)

### 2.2 Guest Checkout Flow
- **Feature**: Enable shopping without account registration on mobile app
- **Implementation**:
  - Modify authentication flow to allow guest sessions (aligns with existing "Browse as Guest" feature)
  - Implement user account creation at checkout completion using Supabase Auth
  - Update cart persistence to support guest users
  - Required fields: email, shipping address, billing address
- **User Flow**: Browse → Add to Cart → Checkout → Create Account → Payment
- **Design System Compliance**:
  - Input styling: 8px radius, subtle borders, proper focus states (dark theme)
  - Button styling: 12px radius, 48px height, Zora Red (`#CC0000`) for primary actions
  - Form validation: Use Zora Red for error states
  - Typography: Poppins for form labels and inputs
  - Maintain dark theme with `#221710` backgrounds and `#FFFFFF` text

### 2.3 Cross-Platform Consistency
- Ensure shared components from `packages/shared/` work correctly
- Update API client to support new web features (reviews, guest checkout)
- Maintain compatibility with existing mobile user experience

---

## 3. Vendor Portal (`apps/vendor`) - Secondary Updates

### 3.1 UI/UX Theme Alignment
- **Background**: Update to light theme to match web application
- **Logo**: Replace with new logo assets
- **Design System**: Apply same light theme tokens as web application
- **Files to Update**: `apps/vendor/app/`

### 3.2 Feature Integration
- **Review Management**: Vendors can view and respond to customer reviews
- **Delivery Partners**: Display available delivery options in vendor dashboard
- **Payment Processing**: Updated to reflect removal of Klarna/ClearPay

---

## 4. Admin Dashboard (`apps/admin`) - Secondary Updates

### 4.1 UI/UX Theme Alignment
- **Background**: Update to light theme to match web application
- **Logo**: Replace with new logo assets
- **Design System**: Apply same light theme tokens as web application
- **Files to Update**: `apps/admin/app/`

### 4.2 Administrative Features
- **Review Management**: Admin can moderate and manage customer reviews
- **Delivery Partner Management**: CRUD operations for delivery partners
- **Payment Gateway Configuration**: Updated admin interface for payment methods
- **Guest Order Management**: View and manage orders from guest users

---

## 5. Cross-Application Components (`packages/`)

### 5.1 Design Tokens Updates (`packages/design-tokens/`)
- **colors.ts**: Add light theme colors for web applications
- **typography.ts**: Ensure Montserrat and Poppins font configurations
- **spacing.ts**: Verify spacing scale (xs: 4px, sm: 8px, md: 12px, base: 16px)
- **shadows.ts**: Add shadow scales for light theme

### 5.2 Shared Components (`packages/shared/`)
```
packages/shared/src/
├── ui/
│   ├── Button.tsx       # Standardized button component
│   ├── Card.tsx         # Card component with design system styling
│   ├── Input.tsx        # Form input component
│   └── Badge.tsx        # Badge/tag components
├── types/
│   ├── review.ts        # Review system types
│   ├── checkout.ts      # Checkout flow types
│   └── delivery.ts      # Delivery partner types
└── utils/
    ├── validation.ts    # Form validation utilities
    └── formatting.ts    # Price/currency formatting

apps/web/components/
├── landing/                  # Landing page components (OyaShop-inspired)
│   ├── ValueProposition.tsx   # Main value proposition section
│   ├── FeaturesGrid.tsx       # Feature highlights grid
│   ├── HowItWorks.tsx         # 3-step process visualization
│   ├── MobileAppPromo.tsx     # App download promotion
│   └── Testimonials.tsx       # Customer reviews section
├── marketing/               # Marketing-specific components
│   ├── ProductCarousel.tsx
│   ├── FreeDeliveryBanner.tsx
│   └── AppDownloadCTA.tsx
├── reviews/                 # Review system components
│   ├── ReviewCard.tsx
│   ├── ReviewForm.tsx
│   └── ReviewList.tsx
└── checkout/                # Checkout flow components
    ├── GuestCheckout.tsx
    └── PaymentMethods.tsx
```

---

## 6. Database Schema Updates (Supabase)

### 6.1 New Tables
```sql
-- Reviews table
CREATE TABLE reviews (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  product_id UUID REFERENCES products(id),
  user_id UUID REFERENCES users(id),
  rating INTEGER CHECK (rating >= 1 AND rating <= 5),
  comment TEXT,
  created_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT NOW()
);

-- Delivery partners table
CREATE TABLE delivery_partners (
  id UUID PRIMARY KEY DEFAULT gen_random_uuid(),
  name VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
  logo_url TEXT,
  service_areas TEXT[],
  is_active BOOLEAN DEFAULT true
);
```

### 6.2 Existing Table Modifications
- Update `products` table to include average_rating and review_count
- Modify `orders` table to support guest checkout information
- Update payment_methods table to remove Klarna and ClearPay options
- **Supabase Integration**:
  - Use existing database schema from `supabase/migrations/001_initial_schema.sql`
  - Follow established naming conventions (snake_case for table/column names)
  - Implement proper RLS (Row Level Security) policies
  - Add new migrations in `supabase/migrations/` directory

---

## 7. Implementation Priority & Timeline

### 7.1 Priority Order
1. **High Priority**: Web application theme updates and logo replacement
2. **Medium Priority**: Payment gateway removal and guest checkout implementation
3. **Low Priority**: Review system and promotional features
4. **Secondary**: Vendor and admin portal theme alignment

### 7.2 Development Phases
- **Phase 1**: Web application core features (carousel, checkout, payments)
- **Phase 2**: Review system and delivery partners
- **Phase 3**: Vendor and admin portal updates
- **Phase 4**: Mobile app logo update and cross-platform testing

---

## 8. Testing & Deployment

### 8.1 Testing Requirements
- Unit tests for new components
- Integration tests for payment and checkout flows
- Cross-browser compatibility testing for web applications
- Mobile responsiveness verification
- Cross-application functionality testing

### 8.2 Deployment Strategy
- Deploy web application changes first (primary user platform)
- Update vendor and admin portals subsequently
- Mobile app update as minor version (logo change only)
- Monitor performance and user feedback post-deployment
